---
layout: post
title:  "Amazon"
subtitle: "Researching page discovery pathways and user behaviors on Amazon Warehouse Deals"
heroImage: "/res/amazon/amazon-teaser.png"
projectDescription: "The Amazon Warehouse Deals storefront that sells discounted open-box products had not undergone a redesign since its initial release and was buried a few pages within Amazon’s homepage."
projectInfo:
- title: "Project Info"
  content:
  - "3 months"
  - "User Research"
  - "Survey Design"
- title: "Team Members"
  content:
  - "Jason Levine"
  - "Yuliya Baran"
  - "Troy Griffiths"
  - "Mariam Davis"
  - "Victoria Baxter"

---

Our user research concluded with valuable customer data, the common pathways visitors used, and design recommendations for the redesign of the Warehouse Deals storefront.

To increase customer conversion, our user research goals were to:

- Identify pathways visitors used to reach the storefront
- Identify usability issues with the storefront and its discoverability
- Quantitatively analyze Amazon Warehouse Deals customers

### Competitive Analysis

We began by analyzing competing online retailers (Ebay, Overstock, etc.) and identifying best design practices that may be applicable to Warehouse Deals storefront.
Surveys were designed with SurveyMonkey.

### Survey Design

We designed 2 surveys to achieve separate goals. I designed the main survey to identify habits of online shoppers and potential Warehouse Deals users. Our second survey, focused at Warehouse Deals users, was to identify popular purchases on the storefront and to screen potential customers for our usability interviews. Both surveys underwent several iterations amongst the group to reduce bias and ambiguous questions.
Designing usability script

### Usability Test Design

We designed our usability test to find out how users navigated to the storefront and also identify usability issues of the storefront itself. The tasks that we designed required several iterations and internal testing to prevent preconditioning and biases from skewing our results.
Remote Usability Interviews

After testing and rehearsing our usability scripts, we began our remote interviews with customers and performed testing in pairs. We faced challenges documenting our results consistently between teams. As such, I created an internal form for the scribe to input his/her data systematically into a spreadsheet for easier analysis.

### Data Analysis

After we completed the interviews, we analyzed the recordings and our field notes to identify customer trends and usability issues with the storefront. Our results and findings were then used to support our design recommendations for the storefront redesign.
